"-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity"
' should never have been brought out of hibernation
", 102-minute infomercial"
", annoying , heavy-handed"
", carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff ."
", Derrida is all but useless"
", featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted ."
", here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation ."
", I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money ."
", indescribably bad"
", it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic ."
", it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise ."
", it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character ."
", Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context ."
", much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing ."
", poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo ."
", should n't have been made"
", stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film ."
", the film is deadly dull"
", the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs ."
", they wo n't enjoy the movie at all ."
", this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention ."
", you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard ."
... a pretentious mess ...
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
"... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something ."
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
"`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company ,"
`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
93 minutes of unrecoverable life
"a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*"
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
A beyond-lame satire
"a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people"
a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
"a cheap , ludicrous attempt"
a cinematic disaster
a complete waste
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
a deeply unpleasant experience
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
a disturbing disregard
a failure of storytelling
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
a frustrating patchwork :
a giant step backward for a director I admire
a great movie it is not
a huge disappointment coming
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
"A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music"
"a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's"
a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
"a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002"
"a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made ."
"A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much"
a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
"a phlegmatic bore ,"
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
"A preposterous , prurient whodunit ."
a really bad imitation
"A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege"
"a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads"
a self-indulgent script
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
"A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie ."
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
A superfluous sequel
a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't
a terrible movie
A thriller without a lot of thrills .
"A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with ."
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
a whole lot of nada
a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season
absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
acting that could be any flatter
"After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it ."
Aggravating and tedious .
All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
"all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head"
"Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships ."
an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
"an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit ."
An annoying orgy
"an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton ."
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism
an excruciating film
An incredibly irritating comedy
"an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end"
an insultingly unbelievable final act
"An ugly , pointless , stupid movie ."
An uncomfortable movie
an unendurable viewing experience
"Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original ."
And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
another weepy Southern bore-athon .
apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
are less than adorable
are not at all entertaining
"are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,"
"around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas"
"as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible"
as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
"as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '"
"As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ,"
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
"assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low"
"at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois"
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
"avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates ."
Bad and baffling from the get-go .
"bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*"
baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
be me : fighting off the urge to doze
be shaking your head all the way to the credits
Bean drops the ball too many times ...
"Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work"
become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
"been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again"
been told and retold
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain
being surprisingly dull
better off staying on the festival circuit
Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
bore most audiences
"boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape"
both overstuffed and undernourished ...
bottom-of-the-bill
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
burn the negative and the script
"but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity"
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
"Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid ."
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
capped with pointless extremes
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
cheap manipulation or corny conventions
"cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels"
cinematic disaster
"cliches , painful improbability and murky"
"clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors ."
collapses into an inhalant blackout
come to term an `` ambitious failure
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
"completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art"
"Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it ."
"contains no wit , only labored gags ."
"contrived , nonsensical and formulaic"
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451
"crass , contrived sequels"
crude humor and vulgar innuendo
'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
deeply unpleasant
delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
"depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable"
derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
"designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it ."
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
"difficult , endless"
directed the film from the back of a taxicab
disappointment coming
"disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera"
"disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood"
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
"do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California"
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
"does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor ."
"does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ."
"does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes ."
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
drags during its 112-minute length
"Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer ."
"dull , unimaginative"
"Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and"
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness
ends so horrendously confusing
entirely witless and
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
even though I could not stand them
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
exploitative garbage
"faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ."
"Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix ."
"fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-"
fails to rise above its disgusting source material
"falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting"
"Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot ,"
"feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment"
feels like a prison stretch
"feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way"
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
find it uninteresting
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
folds under its own thinness
"for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood"
"for the most part , the film is deadly dull"
forgets to make it entertaining
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
from this choppy and sloppy affair
full of cheesy dialogue
generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
get paid enough to sit through crap like this
given it a one-star rating
"God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves"
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
going nowhere fast
greatest mistake
"guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy"
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
hard to say who might enjoy this
"has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity"
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
"has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline ."
"Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita ''"
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos
Hate it because it 's lousy
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
have to check your brain at the door
having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
he needs to pull his head out of his butt
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
high-minded snoozer .
his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is
horribly depressing
How can you charge money for this ? '
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
huge disappointment coming
humorless soap opera
"I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ..."
I could not stand them
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
"I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere"
I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
I would go back and choose to skip it .
idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
"If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints :"
If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
"Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma ."
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
"In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry ."
"In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried ."
"In other words , it 's badder than bad ."
in this pretentious mess
"incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap"
"infantile , redundant , sloppy"
instantly forgettable
Insufferably naive
interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
into a deadly bore
irredeemably awful
is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
"is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills ."
is a horrible movie
"is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots"
is a plodding mess
"is a truly , truly bad movie"
"is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh ."
is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized
is capped with pointless extremes
"is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy ."
is downright doltish and uneventful
"is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie"
is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
is inane and awful
is just garbage .
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
"is meaningless , vapid and devoid"
"is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous"
is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
"is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor"
is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
is often preachy and
"is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it ."
is oppressively heavy .
"is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was ."
"is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight"
"is shallow , offensive and redundant"
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
is stiff or just plain bad
"is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything"
is that it stinks .
"is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent"
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
is virtually unwatchable .
"is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen"
"it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art"
It does n't make for great cinema
"It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously ."
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it
"It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but"
"It 's a loathsome movie ,"
"It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch ."
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
"It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but"
"It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 ."
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
"it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women ."
It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
"It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling ."
it 's so lackluster
"it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points ."
"it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism"
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
it would be easy for critics to shred it
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity
"its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd"
its sleazy moralizing
itself is just SOOOOO tired .
Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
just is n't worth telling
"K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ,"
"Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here ."
"know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good"
lackluster at best
lame and sophomoric
laziness and arrogance
"leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies"
left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
like a made-for-home-video quickie
like being trapped at a bad rock concert
"Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ,"
"Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly"
"little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that"
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
'll only put you to sleep .
long and relentlessly saccharine film
"look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction"
loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
"losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis"
"low , very low , very very low"
-LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .
-LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
"-LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness ."
"'m convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking"
"'m sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point"
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears
"mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted ."
makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
"meaningless , vapid and devoid"
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance --
"messy , murky , unsatisfying"
mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
"mind-numbingly , indescribably bad"
miss it altogether
"more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline"
More tiring than anything
most devastating flaw
"Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved"
"Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way ."
Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie
My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
nearly as dreadful
needlessly poor quality
never comes close to being either funny or scary
never rises above superficiality .
"no charm , no laughs"
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
"No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised ."
None of this is very original
"Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ."
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
obnoxious 88-minute
of ` let 's get this thing over with
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
"of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun"
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
of the biggest disappointments of the year
of the same old garbage
"of this worn-out , pandering palaver"
of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
offensive and redundant
"On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture ."
one baaaaaaaaad movie
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
one of the worst films of the summer
only so much baked cardboard
oppressively heavy
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
"Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper"
pack your knitting needles .
painfully formulaic and stilted
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
"particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull ,"
pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
Plotless collection of moronic stunts
"pointless , meandering"
Pompous and garbled .
poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
possibly the worst film
Predictably soulless techno-tripe .
Press the delete key .
pretentious mess .
"proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations"
pushes its agenda too forcefully
"putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master"
rambling and incoherent manifesto
"Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash ."
're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
"really long , slow and dreary time"
"refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map"
relentlessly nasty
remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
"require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture"
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
rotten in almost every single facet of production
Run for your lives !
runs out of steam after a half hour .
"'s a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness"
"'s a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame ."
"'s a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch ."
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
"'s as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows ."
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
"'s dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast"
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
's not very well shot or composed or edited
's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film
"'s simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ,"
's so not-at-all-good
"'s taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating"
's unfocused and tediously exasperating
saw how bad this movie was
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
"Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof ."
see this piece of crap
"seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover"
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
self-mutilating sideshow geeks
"Shallow , noisy and pretentious"
shapeless inconsequential move
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
should be punishable by chainsaw
Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
silly -- and gross --
"sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one"
sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
slapdash disaster
"slow , predictable and not very amusing"
"Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera"
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
so horrendously confusing
so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
so prolonged and boring
Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
soulless techno-tripe
